Add notify push option (#417)
YunoHost-Apps/nextcloud_ynh: doc/ADMIN.md

ONLYOFFICE is an online rich text document editor which can be integrated in Nextcloud

#### High Performance Backend

> This is an application on Nextcloud that should speed up the instance, more information here: https://github.com/nextcloud/notify_push#about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
High Performance Backend is an application on Nextcloud that should speed up the instance, more information here: https://github.com/nextcloud/notify_push#about
```
